I'm going to introduce you to the magic
of the ocean open your
eyes huh I love it here he truly
believed that Coral could be the cure
for so many illnesses I can already see
how this will disrupt the entire
business model what the is going on
I have to get to the samples going on
your
own
it's just not right the way he vanished
no better man we're shutting down with
Rory missing the lab is basically
Sovereign all the staff have been fired
and everything have been sold off the IP
is basically
worthless you sitting there day and
night you look like you haven't slept or
eating for a week you know Rory couldn't
get into his computer the day he
disappeared these numbers show that
we'll getting some positive results
Vanessa said they were
failing bod's resurface months after
they've gone missing War wouldn't just
disappear like
that why I know it's
you I Want to Say
Goodbye I've been dealing with these
leaks
what would an ocean be without a monster
lurking in the
dark